Give all the evidence in your hands to the police
How heavy can the sentence be?
Ok sir
What have you done to me?
Nothing to publicize the good things you do
Did you see it?
I don't care what method you use
I want to know who did it
Master, I know, it must be worthy of the mission
Help me check who sent this courier.
It's not difficult for you.
No need for money
I'll check it for you, don't worry.
It's so kind of you
We can't stand it if this happens.
Can't do things
Thank you. Goodbye.
It turns out that Liu Ying's business
I thought it was their family who did it
I didn't expect it to be you.
I know your lawyer is being suspended
You get your comeuppance.
I didn't expect you to be in such a hurry.
Then I have no psychological burden
Wait for jail
There we go.
I thought it would take a long time to come back
I didn't expect it so soon.
Thank you Zhang Moran
Your return is your own past
I didn't do anything I thank you not because of what you did for me what do you mean